Income Contingent Repayment Plan: The Income Contingent Repayment Plan (ICR) gives you the flexibility to meet your Direct Loan obligations without undue financial hardship. Each year, your monthly payments will be recalculated on the basis of your annual income, family size and the total amount of your Direct Loans.
You will pay an amount based on the Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) you report on your federal tax return, or, if you submit alternative documentation of income, you will pay an amount based on your current income. If you're married, the amount you pay will be based on your income and your spouse's income.

Please read ICR for more details about documentation the U.S.Department of Education must obtain from the IRS regarding reported Adjusted Gross Income (AGI), requirements for Married Borrowers and submission of alternative documentation.


Graduated Repayment Plan: Your minimum payment amount will be at least equal to the amount of interest accrued monthly. Your payments start out low, then increase every two years for up to 10 to 30 years, based on your total education indebtedness.
Use the estimated detail shown below to compare this plan to other plans for which you are eligible. If you have other outstanding education loans, be sure to consider the estimated monthly payment shown here for your Direct Consolidation Loan and your other education loan payments in order to select the plan that best fits your circumstances. Remember that you can change repayment plans at any time.


Income Based Repayment Plan : The Income Based Repayment Plan (IBR) gives you the flexibility to meet your Direct Loan obligations without undue financial hardship. Each year, your monthly payments will be recalculated on the basis of your annual income and family size. You must be experiencing a partial financial hardship to initially select this plan.
You will pay an amount based on the Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) you report on your federal tax return, or, if you submit alternative documentation of income, you will pay an amount based on your current income and family size. If you're married, the amount you pay will be based on your income and your spouse's income if you and your spouse file a joint federal income tax return.

Please read IBR for more details about documentation the U.S.Department of Education must obtain from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regarding reported Adjusted Gross Income (AGI), requirements for Married Borrowers who file federal income taxes jointly and submission of alternative documentation.




